BDATA_V1
==---- Bingo Data 1st version format
 
Input data after commas.
The syntax for objectives is: 15 charachters COMMA 78 charachters.
 
For example: "Kill 15 peds,Kill 15 pedestrians using any means necessary"
Game Name and Author texts should be pretty obvious.
every file MUST start with BDATA_V1 and include GAMENAME & AUTHOR & VERSION & OBJECTIVES_START & OBJECTIVES_END
Avoid using , in the data lines like plaque as it is a line termination charachter.
 
 
 
ID YOU ARE TOO SCARED TO EDIT THE DATA THEN DROP THE SUGGESTIONS AT THE BOTTOM AND OASIZ OR S WILL INPUT IT PROPERLY
SORTING BY TRIPLE LINE BREAKS:
collectables
non map-marked side missions
map-marked (side) missions
missions with a restriction
everything safehouse or asset related
misc random stuff
 
Please keep the goals doable without glitches
 
Probably need to establish some concrete rules for less vagueness. Here's some I can think of:
If your game crashes after finishing an objective it will still count as completed and you don't have to redo.
If your game crashes during an objective (eg. while collecting packages) you must start over. So if you collected 14 out of 20 packages, then crash, you must collect those 14 packages again, rather than just the remaining 6. (I think, people please confirm this rule) -- I agree
Also you aren't allowed to reset the game to do objectives you lock yourself out (like mhmd did to do Drive Misty for me with a dodo), unless you reset your whole bingo card.
 
==--
GAMENAME,Grand Theft Auto: Vice City
AUTHOR,oasiz & lotsofs & #gta
VERSION,3
 
OBJECTIVES_START
20 packages    , Collect 20 hidden packages
40 packages    , Collect 40 hidden packages
60 packages    , Collect 60 hidden packages
80 packages    , Collect 80 hidden packages
100 packages   , Collect 100 hidden packages
8 Rampages     , Complete 8 rampages
15 Rampages    , Complete 15 rampages
25 Rampages    , Complete 25 rampages
35 Rampages    , Complete 35 rampages
KatanaRampages , Complete both Katana rampages
8 Stunt Jumps  , Complete 8 Unique Stunt Jumps
16 Stunt Jumps , Complete 16 Unique Stunt Jumps
26 Stunt Jumps , Complete 26 Unique Stunt Jumps
31 Stunt Jumps , Complete 31 Unique Stunt Jumps
36 Stunt Jumps , Complete 36 Unique Stunt Jumps
8 Robberies    , Rob 8 different stores
15 Robberies   , Rob all 15 stores
 
 
 
1 Chopper CP   , Complete 1 Different Chopper Checkpoints
2 Chopper CPs  , Complete 2 Different Chopper Checkpoints
3 Chopper CPs  , Complete 3 Different Chopper Checkpoints
4 Chopper CPs  , Complete 4 Different Chopper Checkpoints
Test & Trial   , Complete Test Track and Trial By Dirt
Test Track     , Complete Test Track
PCJ Playground , Complete PCJ Playground
Hotring        , Complete the Hotring racer stadium event
Dirtring       , Complete the Dirtring stadium event
2 Stadium Evnt , Complete 2 different stadium events
3 Stadium Evnt , Complete 3 different stadium events
RC Baron race  , Win the RC Baron race
RC Bandit race , Win the RC Bandit race
RC Raider Pck  , Complete the RC Raider pickup
2 Top Fun      , Complete 2 Different Top Fun challenges
3 Top Fun      , Complete 3 Different Top Fun challenges
 
Vigilante    6 , Complete Vigilante level 6
Vigilante   12 , Complete Vigilante level 12
Paramedic    6 , Complete Paramedic level 6
Paramedic   12 , Complete Paramedic level 12
Firefighter  6 , Complete Firefighter level 6
Firefighter 12 , Complete Firefighter level 12
Pizza boy    5 , Complete Pizza Delivery level 5
Pizza boy   10 , Complete Pizza Delivery level 10
15 fares       , Do 15 fares in Taxi Driver
33 fares       , Do 33 fares in Taxi Driver
67 fares       , Do 67 fares in Taxi Driver
Taxi Driver    , Complete Taxi Driver
 
 
 
Autocide       , Finish 'Autocide'
CheckOutATCI   , Finish 'Check-out At The Check-in'
Payphone       , Finish 'Loose Ends'
 
Biker 1        , Finish 'Alloy Wheels of Steel'
Biker 2        , Finish 'Messing With The Man'
Bikers         , Finish 'Hog Tied'
Love Fist      , Finish 'Publicity Tour'
 
Avery 2        , Finish 'Demolition Man'
AveryCarringtn , Finish 'Two Bit Hit'
Auntie Poulet  , Finish 'Dirty Lickins'
Umberto 3      , Finish 'Naval Engagement'
Umberto Robina , Finish 'Trojan Voodoo'
 
Colonel        , Finish 'All Hands On Deck'
 
Rub Out        , Finish 'Rub Out'
PhnomPenh'86   , Finish 'Phnom Penh' 86'
Cortez 3       , Finish 'Guardian Angels'
CapTheCollectr , Finish 'Cap The Collector'
Keep Your FC   , Finish 'Keep Your Friends Close'
 
 
 
SirYsSirMurder , Kill all the soldiers before stealing the 'Sir yes Sir' Tank
ChaseThePlates , Let the 'Hit the Courier' woman drive off with the car before you kill her
Mercedes VIP   , Drive Mercedes around North Point Mall in the Stretch's Back Seat (The Party)
ClassicPercent , Don't take the taxi during Spilling The Beans
CoupleOfBlocks , Buy a Pistol in North Point Mall with Lance during Guardian Angels.
No JF Dupe     , Duping 'Jury Fury' isn't allowed
Backstabber    , Kill Lance 3 times with a screwdriver
 
 
 
Skumole Shack  , Buy Skumole Shack
All safeHouse  , Buy all 7 safehouses (excludes the assets)
All buildings  , Buy all assets and safehouses
 
Do 1 asset     , Complete 1 asset
Do 3 assets    , Complete 3 DIFFERENT assets
Do 5 assets    , Complete 5 DIFFERENT assets
Do 7 assets    , Complete 7 DIFFERENT assets
Do 9 assets    , Complete all 9 DIFFERENT assets
 
Kaufman Cabs   , Finish 'Cabmageddon'
Pole Position  , Finish 'Lap Dance'
Printworks     , Finish 'Hit The Courier'
Boatyards      , Finish 'Checkpoint Charlie'
Cop Land       , Finish 'Cop Land'
 
25 icecream    , Sell 25 'Icecream' in a row
Cherry Poppers , Finish 'Distribution'
 
Filmstudios 4  , Finish 'G-Spotlight'
Filmstudios 3  , Finish 'Marthas Mug Shot'
 
Malibu Club    , Finish 'The Job'
Malibu 1       , Finish 'No Escape?'
Malibu 3       , Finish 'The Driver'
Shoot Range    , Get 45 points on the Shooting Range
Phil           , Finish 'Boomshine Saigon'
 
VC Endurance   , Win the V.C. Endurance Race
3 street races , Win 3 different Vice City streetraces from Sunshine Autos
4 street races , Win 4 different Vice City streetraces from Sunshine Autos
6 street races , Win all 6 Vice City streetraces from Sunshine Autos
1 Export lists , Complete the first of the car Export lists at Sunshine autos
2 Export lists , Complete the second of the car Export lists at Sunshine autos
3 Export lists , Complete the third of the car Export lists at Sunshine autos
4 Export lists , Complete every last one of the car Export lists at Sunshine autos
Mini Super SSA , Bring every reward car from SSA to the lighthouse
 
 
 
 
Patriot saver  , Put a Patriot in your garage
Rhino saver    , Put a Rhino in your garage
Banger saver   , Put a Bloodring Banger in your garage
FBI Rancher    , Put an FBI Rancher in your garage
Lucky Walton 7 , Put 7 Waltons in your garage
Stretchy Candy , Put Candy's Poop Colored Stretch in your garage
Barracks OL    , Put a Barracks OL in your garage
 
Tankflipper    , Flip a tank so it explodes
Packer Stunter , Jump over 3 different packers
 
$500.000       , Have at least $500.000 at the end of the run
$1.000.000     , Have at least $1.000.000 at the end of the run
$10.000.000    , Have at least $10.000.000 at the end of the run
$20.000.000    , Have at least $20.000.000 at the end of the run
Money overflow , Make so much money that it starts counting down
 
Hike LH > PI   , Go from the top of the lighthouse to the tennis court on Prawn Island on foot
Hike PI > LH   , Go from the tennis court on Prawn Island to the top of the lighthouse on foot
Hike AP > TT   , Go from the southern end of the airport to the Test Track Landstalker on foot
Hike TT > AP   , Go from the Test Track Landstalker to the southern end of the airport on foot
Roundboat trip , Circumvent Vice City by boat
Ugly car disp. , Destroy the Infernus in North Point Mall without using weapons.
Malibu Murder  , Kill all dancers and guards in the malibu including upstairs guards.
Fly a Hunter   , Fly in a hunter
Minigun is fun , Acquire a minigun
Landstalkeroll , Do 10 rolls on the ground in a row with a Landstalker.
Lose 6 stars   , Lose a 6* wanted level with no loading & getting busted & dying
Bribe away 6*  , Lose a 6* wanted level just by picking up cop bribes
Bribe away 5*  , Lose a 5* wanted level just by picking up cop bribes
Bribe away 4*  , Lose a 4* wanted level just by picking up cop bribes
Get laid       , Get laid and have your health go to 125
Beachball x25  , Do 25 bounces in a row on the Beach Ball minigame
FiretrkVSCaddy , Smash headon into 3 golf carts with a firetruck
Bus Driver     , Make 50 dollars by doing the bus driver minigame
Bird Buster    , Kill a seagull
2 Sec 2 Wheel  , Do a Two Wheels Double Bonus for 2 seconds
15 sec Wheelie , Do a wheelie for 15 seconds
Nice Pants     , Acquire the Golfer Outfit
 
Never save     , Never save. not even to advance time.
Never load     , Never load. saving to advance time is allowed.
No Orange Guns , Don't use Orange guns/Assault Rifles. "Supply & Demand" Rampages etc excluded
No Yellow Guns , Don't use Yellow guns/Machine Guns. AKA. No Uzi allowed ! Rampages excluded
No Helicopters , Don't use helicopters except when forced to (Demolition Man etc)
No Replays     , Don't use replays whatsoever. Not even F1 replays.
Mission Failer , Fail all missions that you start at least once. (All Missions Definition)
ClassicControl , Do 5 missions that change the savename using classic controls in the settings
No Reversing   , Do not put your vehicle in reverse.
 
Gorbatchegg    , Find Mikhail Gorbachev
Easter Egg     , Find a real Easter Egg
Bloody Eggs    , Find a bathroom with blood all over and a chainsaw
So Many Eggs   , Find Mikhail Gorbachev. a real Easter egg. And a bathroom with blood all over
 
Espantoso      , Stop movement and listen to entire "La Vida Es Una Lenteija" on Espantoso.
Rap Attack     , Stop movement and listen to entire "Magic Wand" by Whodini on Wildstyle.
Japanese Boy   , Stop movement and listen to entire "Japanese Boy" by Aneka on Flash FM.
5 cutscenes    , Finish 5 missions without skipping any of their cutscenes.
 
OBJECTIVES_END
 
After this point things get ignored, go home!
----
               ,                                                                              |<=-behind line
 
 
SUGGESTIONS HERE ! (or input them above yourself)
 
I think this needs more goals that don't require any any% missions (eg. that can be done before An Old Friend is completed).
 
Remove "SirYSir No Prk , Steal the 'Sir yes Sir' Tank without parking a car in front of it" --Changed it a bit
is rampage glitch allowed for "Minigun is fun , Acquire a minigun" --yes
 
BrawnOfTheDead2, Complete Shakedown using only a Katana  --Is this possible within the timelimit?
FrameLimiterOff, Turn the frame limiter off then restart from new game --I think this one is too hardware dependent to be good.
 
Removed: 
LoveJuiceLove  , Dupe 'Love Juice' 3 times        --Needs glitches, not very friendly to casual runners.
CC cutscenes   , Watch every cut scene from cone crazy's help introduction.    --Not really relevant anymore.